.TH IMAZE 6 "10 December 2001"
.SH NAME
imaze \- the game of iMaze
.SH SYNOPSIS
.in +\w'\fBimaze \fR'u
.ti -\w'\fBimaze \fR'u
.B imaze
[\ \fB\-hq\fR\ ]
[\ \fB\-H \fIserver-host\fR[\fB:\fIserver-port\fR]\ ]
[\ \fB\-S\fR\ \fIsound-directory\fR\ ]
[\ \fB\-j\fR\ |\ \fB\-J\fR\ \fIjoystick-device\fR\ ]
[\ \fB\-D\fR\ \fIdevice-index\fR\ ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B imaze
is a TCP/IP client with 3D graphics for XView, Motif, and Athena
Widgets for the multi-player network action game iMaze.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Print command line option help.
.TP
\fB\-H \fIserver-host\fR[\fB:\fIserver-port\fR]
The host and port
.IR imazesrv (6)
is using.
.TP
.B \-q
Disable sound.
.TP
.BI \-S " sound-directory"
Use sounds in
.IR sound-directory .
.TP
.B \-j
Enable joystick (if supported, Linux and FreeBSD only).
.TP
.BI \-J " joystick-device"
Enable joystick and use
.I joystick-device
(if supported).
.TP
.BI \-D " device-index"
Set device for MME sound to
.I device-index 
(if supported, Compaq Alpha only).
.SH GAME CONTROL
.TP
.B Cursor-Up
Run forward.
.TP
.B Cursor-Down
Run backward.
.TP
.B Cursor-Left Cursor-Right
Turn left/right.
.TP
.B Space Shift Alt
Shoot.
.TP
.B Tab
Quickturn by 180 degrees.
.TP
.B Control-S
Pause the player.
.TP
.B Control-Q
Resume playing.
.TP
.B Control-C
Leave the game.
.SH XVIEW RESOURCES
.TP
.BI IMaze*message:\  message
.I Message
that is sent to other players when they are killed.
Default is ``<name> shouts: Gotcha!''
.TP
\fB\IMaze*server: \fIserver-host\fR[\fB:\fIserver-port\fR]
The host and port
.IR imazesrv (6)
is using.
.TP
.BI IMaze*sound.directory:\  directory
Use sounds in
.IR directory .
.SH MOTIF RESOURCES
.TP
.BI IMaze*message*value:\  message
.I Message
that is sent to other players when they are killed.
Default is ``<name> shouts: Gotcha!''
.TP
\fB\IMaze*server*value: \fIserver-host\fR[\fB:\fIserver-port\fR]
The host and port
.IR imazesrv (6)
is using.
.TP
.BI IMaze*soundDirectory:\  directory
Use sounds in
.IR directory .
.SH ATHENA WIDGET RESOURCES
.TP
.BI IMaze*message*string:\  message
.I Message
that is sent to other players when they are killed.
Default is ``<name> shouts: Gotcha!''
.TP
\fB\IMaze*server*string: \fIserver-host\fR[\fB:\fIserver-port\fR]
The host and port
.IR imazesrv (6)
is using.
.TP
.BI IMaze*soundDirectory:\  directory
Use sounds in
.IR directory .
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP 20
.B title.au
Title sound
.TP
.B failure.au
Sound: action failed
.TP
.B action.au
Sound: action succeeded
.TP
.B shoot.au
Sound: player shot
.TP
.B miss.au
Sound: shot missed
.TP
.B bounce.au
Sound: shot bounced from wall
.TP
.B injured.au
Sound: player was hit
.TP
.B dead.au
Sound: player died
.TP
.B wound.au
Sound: enemy was hit
.TP
.B kill.au
Sound: enemy died
.TP
.B pause.au
Sound: player pauses
.TP
.B suspended.au
Sound: player was suspended by server
.TP
.B awake.au
Sound: player resumes game
.PD
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlab (6),
.BR imazesrv (6),
.BR imazestat (6),
.BR ninja (6),
.BR xlabed (6)
.SH BUGS
.LP
There are still a few bugs in the 3D computations.
